Roles quickstart (#970)
osohq/oso: docs/content/python/getting-started/quickstart/data/data.md

expensesPath1: examples/quickstart/polar/expenses-01-python.polar
expensesPath2: examples/quickstart/polar/expenses-02-python.polar
isAllowed: is_allowed
installation_new: |
    ```bash
    pip install --upgrade oso
    ```

>     Or find the Oso package at [http://pypi.python.org/pypi/oso/](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/oso/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Or find the Oso package on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/oso/).
```

import: import
import_code: |
    ```python
    from oso import Oso
    oso = Oso()
    oso.enable_roles()
    ```
example_app: a Flask
load_policy: |
    ```python
    oso.load_file("authorization.polar")
    ```
getroles: get_roles
classes: Python classes
objects: Python objects
methods: Python methods
register_classes: |
    ```python
    oso.register_class(Page)
    oso.register_class(User)
    ```
app_code: |
    ```python
    from flask import Flask

    app = Flask(__name__)
    @app.route("/page/<pagenum>")
    def page_show(pagenum):
        page = Page.get_page(pagenum)

>         if oso.is_allowed(

Reviewer 2: Could we address this with a comment over this line?

```
# Make authorization decision
if oso.is_allowed(...):
    # The policy allows the request
    return ...
else:
    # The policy does not allow the request
    return ...
```

>             User.get_current_user(),  # the user doing the request

Reviewer 2: I leaving it as a static method on the User object is fine, the code is easy to understand.

            "read",  # the action we want to do
            page,  # the resource we want to do it to
        ):

>             return f"<h1>A Page</h1><p>this is page {pagenum}</p>", 200

Reviewer 2: It gets a page object, but the page object doesn't have content, just an id. We could add content, something like:

Page 0: Alice's user page
Page 1: Alice's admin page
Page 2: Bob's admin page

This could help the user understand a bit more what permissions each page has. I'm not sure it's too necessary
